---
layout: post
title: SharePoint Module Hotfix 3 Now Available
tag: hotfix
tag: sharepoint module
category: TMCore SharePoint Module
author: kal
---
A new hotfix package is available for version 3.0 of the TMCore SharePoint Module. This package addresses a number of bugs and performance issues. The full change list can be found <a href="#changelog">below</a>.

<strong>Systems Affected</strong>

This hotfix should be applied to any installation of the TMCore SharePoint Module 3.0 downloaded before 12th April 2008. If you downloaded your copy of the software from our site on or after this date, the hotfix is included in the package and you do not need to apply it again.

To determine if your system is affected, check the File Version property of the assembly NetworkedPlanet.SharePoint in the GAC (browse to C:WindowsASSEMBLY, locate the NetworkedPlanet.SharePoint assembly, right-click and choose Properties. The File Version can be found on the Version tab above Description and Copyright). This hotfix updates the File Version of the NetworkedPlanet.SharePoint assembly to 2.0.0.3 - if the file version shown is greater than or equal to 2.0.0.3, then you do not need to apply this hotfix.

<strong>Installation Instructions</strong>

<ol>

<li>Download the <a href="http://www.networkedplanet.com/download/spmodule/NetworkedPlanet.SharePoint.3.0.Hotfix3.zip">Hotfix3 package</a>.</li>

<li>The package is provided in a compressed ZIP file. Unzip the package on a machine in the server farm. The package contains the following files:

<ul>

<li>NPSharePoint.wsp. This is an updated copy of the SharePoint Solution package provided with the 3.0 release of the TMCore SharePoint Module.</li>

<li>NPOfficeServer.wsp. This is an updated copy of the SharePoint Solution package provided with the 3.0 release of the TMCore SharePoint Module.</li>

</ul>

<li>Use stsadm to upgrade the NPSharePoint.wsp and NPOfficeServer.wsp solutions on the server. The exact command-line you use will depend on how you want to schedule the upgrade, but in any case it must include the -allowgacdeployment option. A sample command line would be:<br/>

<code>stsadm -o upgradesolution -name NPSharePoint.wsp -filename NPSharePoint.wsp -local -allowgacdeployment</code><br/>

<code>stsadm -o upgradesolution -name NPOfficeServer.wsp -filename NPOfficeServer.wsp -local -allowgacdeployment</code><br/>

</li>

<li>After applying the solution updates it may be necessary to restart IIS.</li>

</ol>

<a name="changelog"><strong>Change Log</strong></a>

<ul>

<li>BUGFIX: Fixed topic name generation to remove HTML encoding from the name strings.

</li><li>BUGFIX: Fixed intermittent bug with TopicCreator page that prevented it from

finding the newly created list item.

</li><li>BUGFIX: Fixed an issue with the XML Query editor web control that caused it to

crash when editing queries with complex nesting of selectors.

</li><li>BUGFIX: Fixed the SQL generated from XML Query documents to work correctly when

multiple selectors are grouped under an OR group.

</li><li>BUGFIX: The ContentTypeCreatorFeatureReceiver that processes the MappingsUpdates.xml

file generated by the NPCL Schema Editor extensions now pushes all updates down

to lists.

</li><li>BUGFIX: XML Query document locations using in Topic Query Selectors can now be

specified using server-relative URLs.

</li><li>BUGFIX: Fixed performance issue with Related Topics fields when refreshing from the topic map.

</li><li>BUGFIX: Fixed webpart descriptor file for SearchResultsTopicList by changing it from a .dwp to a .webpart file. NOTE: It may be necessary for upgraders to remove the SearchResultsTopicList web part and add it again for this bug fix to take effect.

</li><li>BUGFIX: Reinstated .dwp files for the simple Topic Search Web Part and the Topic Map Search Results web part.

</li><li>BUGFIX: View Properties on an XML Query document now correctly displays boolean AND and OR groups and the sort order of the results if any sorting is applied.

</li>

</ul>

This hotfix also rolls in the fixes previously provided in <a href="http://www.networkedplanet.com/sharepoint-module-topic-creator-hotfix/">Hotfix1</a> and <a href="http://www.networkedplanet.com/sharepoint-module-hotfix-2/">Hotfix 2</a>, but it does not include the development tools updates provided in the Hotfix 2 package.

<strong>For Further Support</strong>

If you have any questions about this hotfix or require any further support, please contact us at support@networkedplanet.com.

