---
layout: post
title: Web3 1.4 Release
category: Product Announcements
tag: releases
tag: web3
category: Web3 Platform
author: kal
---
We are pleased to announce the release of version 1.4 of Web3. This release is a bug-fix update and is recommended for all users of Web3. For a link to the upgrade package please contact us at support@networkedplanet.com.



<strong>Upgrade Instructions</strong>



To upgrade from Web3 1.3, unzip the installation package and run the  installer application in Web3/setup.exe. During installation you will be  prompted for database and service configuration information as you were  during the initial installation. After installing Web3, you should also  upgrade the Web3Admin package on any client machines that use the  Powershell administration snap-in. Full installation and upgrade  information can be found in the installation package.



To upgrade from previous versions of Web3, follow the upgrade instructions above and then open the Web3 site in your browser. Each topic map on the Web3 site must be resynchronized with its schema (if it has one). To do this, click on the topic map name in the topic map list and then on the topic map page click on the Jobs button. On the topic map jobs page, click on the Synchronize Schema button to start the synchronization process. It is also possible to perform this synchronization operation using the Web3 Admin powershell snap-in. Further details on the upgrade process can be found in the README file contained in the installation ZIP package.



<strong>Change Log</strong>

<ul>

	<li>FEATURE: Topic and associations retrieved as XTM now include an automatically generated item identifier based on the Web3 internal GUID identifier for the item.</li>

	<li>FEATURE: Added support for the "no" language code for Norwegian in addition to the existing "nb" (for Bokmal) and "nn" (for Nynorsk)</li>

</ul>

<ul>

	<li>FEATURE: The New-Schema cmdlet has been updated to provide better feedback when the command files due to missing files or server errors.</li>

	<li>BUGFIX: Fixed an editor issue where topic types that were derived from abstract types could not be selected as the type for a topic instance.</li>

	<li>BUGFIX: The Get-Schema cmdlet has been renamed to Export-Schema for consistency. This cmdlet has also been fixed to ensure that only the XML format is retrieved from the server.</li>

	<li>BUGFIX: Fixed a browser caching issue that prevented the browser from displaying the updated topic types after synchronizing schemas.</li>

	<li>BUGFIX: Fixed a typo with the documentation of the New-Schema cmdlet which showed the command in the command summary as "Add-Schema".</li>

	<li>BUGFIX: Fixed bug in client-side javascript library that prevented editing of date/time fields.</li>

	<li>BUGFIX: Fixed alt-text of the Edit button on the schema display page.</li>

	<li>BUGFIX: Changed the Javascript library function for testing if an item is in an array to avoid a name clash with SharePoint's Javascript libraries.</li>

	<li>BUGFIX: Fixed an issue with parsing schema files that include white-space around type subject identifiers.</li>

	<li>BUGFIX: Fixed problem with SPARQL FILTER clauses not being consistently applied in certain queries.</li>

	<li>BUGFIX: Fixed bug in client side javascript utility for comparing objects.</li>

</ul>

We would like to thank those developers and users who took the time to report issues to us for fixing in this release.