---
layout: post
title: Web3 1.3 Javascript Patch
tag: hotfix
tag: web3
category: Web3 Platform
author: kal
---
This notice applies to all editions of Web3 version 1.3.20317



A couple of Javascript issues with the new Topic Map Editor in Web3 have been brought to our attention.

<ol>

	<li>The Types list in the topic editor does not list topic types which are subtypes of an abstract type. This problem prevents the user from adding a subtype of an abstract type to the list of topic types and it also means that when editing a topic which is an instance of a type that inherits from an abstract type, the editing process actually deletes the topic type.</li>

	<li>The Date/Time field validation doesn't work correctly with the JSON date/time values generated by the Web3 server. This problem shows up when the user enters a valid date/time string into a date/time field and saves the value. The value is correctly stored on Web3, but when the user reloads the topic into the topic editor the field shows the date/time as "NaN-NaN-NaN NaN:NaN:NaN" and displays a validation error.</li>

</ol>

These issues are addressed in a JS file patch which can be downloaded from <a href="http://www.networkedplanet.com/download/download.aspx?file=web3/1.3.20317/web3_1.3.20317_jspatch.zip">here</a>. To install the patch, unzip the file to a temporary directory and then copy the two Javascript files inside it to the directory Serverjs under your Web3 installation directory (typically c:Program FilesNetworkedPlanetWeb3) - these files will replace the two existing Javascript files that contained the errors described above.



Please note: after the update, your browser may still use a locally cached version of these scripts. To ensure that you are using the updated version of the scripts it may be necessary to clear your browser cache.



If you have any problems with this update or other issues with Web3 please do not hesitate to <a href="mailto:support@networkedplanet.com">contact us</a>.